work we are going to make this flower as if it were in third dimension here
nothing else we have
one round will do another round the one that we are going to do
what's behind this one
so that she was tall and she was prettier
to achieve that we are going to need to go to the part of here
behind
and make an insertion of hanging chains to achieve a second
petals rather
simon according to the second line of petals
I eat my point here
If I grab it, it will produce
what is the flower here
I'm going to weave three chains
so that it allows me to leave at the same time as from here back
where I am going to take
the part of what is the center of each petal
and there they can be so iranzo
to abide pull from there start hanging the chains
so that in this way you want to intersperse the petal here look
a different way good to me I like it more when the flowers
the petals are interspersed
in these three doubles double high or high
I'm going to take and the one in the middle
took two threads this way
and I'm going to take out
a point to step on this way that I already went to the back
and I'm not
percent modifying nor pulling this point here
in this way we
we are going to win from point to point here in the middle part
to weave
percent the hanging chains that we need to have assemble the following
firecrackers
we are already in the back here we are going to define
to be removed we want you to want our petals in this case
Per hundred if I make the chain
I hit him back here if long very hanging the petals will be more
retired
so here I am going to give a five chain ratio
2. 3. 4. 5
i could take
again the midpoint of the three high double points that are these are
the longest
here I am going to take
2 and those so that it has greater strength
pakistan and pulled a Swiss point
so I'm left with this first hanging chain that is where I'm going to ride
the following petals you can weave instead of five can weave
but it's good that you
consider good to see how in this flower to say
with those five chains it seems good 3 4 5 and we're going to go to the next petal
same
point of the middle part and there we are going to take
two centuries of that point
those on the top
and we take out with an encryption point
Well, here I am going to show you how it is left from the opposite
it shows the point that we are grabbing
here all these points is blind
is the intention to win the point for the part of back here
and so let's ride
our five chains in each of them
well look here here the last five chains
i here I have
the three chains that I went back and the first five york from where he dies
to hang these chains are going to do
of this part
from here
derón of the same thing in pc
the first point
to remove
the five chains
you're already touring
I will not show you
that's how they look
Pakistan
and you're already touring
those five chains that will grab from there we're going to jump
to this first percent
to these first five chains that are hanging we are going to spend our
hook and we leave the list set
so in this way
hanging our hook with our points of these synco chains that
they're here
here we will start doing then
another 5 good one petal here in these five hanging chains
we started with two chains
i will knit here half a point
after
a point to eta
then a high point
see how we are raising the points from the smallest to the largest
coming to the high point we will knit
instead of three in this case there are four petals in this petal
double highs
this is one
two
4 as we go knitting the stitches
We are going through them so that we can fit in all the points after the
four point to double high points now let's weave a
high point
normal
and then a valeta point
and this one we are going to grow the last half point because here we do
It is convenient that each point that each petal is separated because we are already in the
back side
staying in this way
already this is the second petals i will continue
how we made this catalog doing all until the end of the round